README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Refactored redux logic to demonstrate good practice. Now using HOC to dial in state from the store.

README.md, after:

# NextJS Playground

This is an opinionated stack, pulled together in my endless tinkering. Will likely use in production soon.

- NextJS

  Offers maximum control over content delivery (SSR, SSG, Client-Side, etc). Future-proof, fast, with tons of tooling.

- Redux Toolkit

  I love this project, but I prefer redux saga over thunk. Client-side state persisted with redux persist.

- Typescript

  Everything is strongly typed for maximum type hinting + minimal fuss.
  Even redux, actions, selectors, etc... It all comes for free.

- React-Redux (connect)

  I like to hoist data fetching concerns outside components.
  Components are cleaner, maintainable, re-usable, etc.

- SASS

  With modules, if desired. I love the way Sass makes me think!
  Maximum re-use = creativity and abstract thinking.

- Supabase with GrapQL

  Normalized data + GraphQL = endgame. Supabase makes this ridiculously easy.

#### Coming soon
- Redux Saga

  Tough to master, but without a doubt the cleanest + most powerful way to express async logic flows. Dialing into typescript might be challenging though... we shall see.
